
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  6.233894                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                6233893506000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6233893506000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 761877                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1220393                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5097737325                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 664696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1222.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   931679899                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1492387764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1094016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1116288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    890000256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       890000256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            17094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      13906254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           13906254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst               3573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             175495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                179068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          3573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             3573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       142767960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            142767960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       142767960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst              3573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            175495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            142947027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   382684103                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    56342478                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                       7936442                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           272                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  1449455626                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                      12467787012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   931679899                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1492387764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1491881050                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1943                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1080242                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     29571457                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1491881050                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1943                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2934935010                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1545692941                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3767                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1480                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            159199316                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           523310534                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     439026579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   382684101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   56342478                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                12467787012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          30742409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                505293      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 915024146     61.31%     61.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                135270004      9.06%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   2560782      0.17%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       68      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      108      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     214      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                382684045     25.64%     96.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                56342063      3.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  56      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                415      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 1492387764                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.846404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           439026581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3126820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            140.406733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            765000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.846404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         881179982                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        881179982                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    379577551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       379577551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       714927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         714927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     380292478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        380292478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    380292478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       380292478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3106552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     55627551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     55627551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     58734103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       58734103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     58734103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      58734103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  86145563500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86145563500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 4317907679500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 4317907679500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 4404053243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 4404053243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 4404053243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 4404053243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    382684103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    382684103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     56342478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56342478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    439026581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    439026581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    439026581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    439026581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.987311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.987311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.133783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.133783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27730.282158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27730.282158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77621.746812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77621.746812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74982.897806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74982.897806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74982.897806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74982.897806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3106552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     55627551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     55627551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     58734103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     58734103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     58734103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     58734103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  83039011500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83039011500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 4262280128500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 4262280128500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 4345319140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 4345319140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 4345319140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 4345319140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.987311                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987311                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.133783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.133783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26730.282158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26730.282158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76621.746812                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76621.746812                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73982.897806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73982.897806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73982.897806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73982.897806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                3126308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           280.917206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1449455626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          4165102.373563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            445000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   280.917206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.548666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.548666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.605469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2898911600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2898911600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1449455278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1449455278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1449455278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1449455278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1449455278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1449455278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1449455626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1449455626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1449455626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 265833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 265833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 265833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 265833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 265833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 265833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 264833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 264833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 264833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     38                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2045.797391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   117482780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1710849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     68.669286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                    434500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.000012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.832133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2044.965246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.998518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 941573105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                941573105                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             5656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           38                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               38                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WriteClean_hits::writebacks        55621985                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l2.WriteClean_hits::total             55621985                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          27809306                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             27809306                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               1648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1413056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1413056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1414704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1414704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1414704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1414704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data        27797977                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total           27797977                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            18620                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               18620                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           348                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              348                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1712116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1712464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1712116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1712464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 3876687531000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total 3876687531000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9956227500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9956227500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91631000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     91631000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  63542095000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  63542095000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      91631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   73498322500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      73589953500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  73498322500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     73589953500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           38                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           38                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks     55621985                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WriteClean_accesses::total         55621985                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data      55607283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         55607283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          20268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             20268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            348                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3106552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3127168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          3126820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3127168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499898                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.499898                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.918690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.918690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.545137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.545137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.547558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.547609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.547558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.547609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 139459.340189                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139459.340189                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 534706.095596                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 534706.095596                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 263307.471264                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 263307.471264                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37521.254848                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37521.254848                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 263307.471264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42928.354446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42973.138997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 263307.471264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42928.354446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42973.138997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                17100                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     17100                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     27797977                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total      27797977                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        18620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          18620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1712116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1712464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1712116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1712464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 3598707761000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3598707761000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9770027500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9770027500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88151000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88151000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  46607135000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46607135000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  56377162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56465313500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  56377162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56465313500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499898                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499898                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.918690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.545137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.547558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.547609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.547558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.547609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 129459.340189                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129459.340189                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 524706.095596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524706.095596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 253307.471264                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253307.471264                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27521.254848                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27521.254848                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 253307.471264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32928.354446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32973.138997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 253307.471264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32928.354446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32973.138997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1708801                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 14159.377509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                    59029923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     17442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                   3384.355177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                    418000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        146.187196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      14013.190313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.008923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.855297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.864220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                 236137134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                236137134                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WriteClean_hits::writebacks        27810960                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l3.WriteClean_hits::total             27810960                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          13905471                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total             13905471                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                  4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                     4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1693389                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1693389                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu.data               1693393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1693393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu.data              1693393                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1693393                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data        13894131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13894131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            16991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               16991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             455                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data               17098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  17446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                348                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data              17098                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 17446                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 3063685072000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total 3063685072000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9369812000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9369812000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84323000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     37760500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    122083500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      84323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    9407572500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9491895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   9407572500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9491895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks     27810960                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WriteClean_accesses::total         27810960                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data      27799602                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         27799602                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          16995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             16995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1693844                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data           1710491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1710839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data          1710491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1710839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499796                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.499796                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.009996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.009996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 220502.100635                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220502.100635                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 551457.359779                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 551457.359779                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 242307.471264                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 352901.869159                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 268315.384615                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 242307.471264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 550214.791204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 544072.882036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 242307.471264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 550214.791204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 544072.882036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                  738                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                       738                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13894131                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total      13894131                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          17098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             17446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         17098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            17446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 2841378976000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2841378976000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9097956000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9097956000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78755000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     36048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114803500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9134004500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9212759500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9134004500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9212759500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499796                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499796                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 204502.100635                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204502.100635                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535457.359779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 535457.359779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 226307.471264                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 336901.869159                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252315.384615                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 226307.471264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 534214.791204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 528072.882036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 226307.471264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 534214.791204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 528072.882036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                           1058                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      13912354                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13894912                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteClean         13905516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               39                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         13894135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             16987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     27835312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total     27835312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               27835312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    891116544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total    891116544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               891116544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13911577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13911577    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13911577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         95037782000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           89460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     61860797                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     58733629                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       41717040                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     41717040                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3106900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteClean        97338461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4812634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        55607283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       55607283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            20268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           20268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           348                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3106552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    176216499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             176217233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   3760285504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             3760310208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        43425558                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                2670948864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        102160009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.408350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.491529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               60442969     59.16%     59.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               41717040     40.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          102160009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       114369070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       32493871500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31218963                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     29508124                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       13905797                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     13905797                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6233893506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1693844                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WriteClean        41716476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1691742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        27799602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       27799602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            16995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           16995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1693844                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     88540364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side   1890489536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                        13906574                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                 890000256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples         43417015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.320285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.466586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0               29511218     67.97%     67.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1               13905797     32.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total           43417015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        57343021500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy       16466059500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
